Hades Applet and Hades Website License Agreement

You must accept the following before running the Hades applet and using
this website contents.

Please read this agreement carefully. Your use of the Hades applet and
the documentation on this website indicates your acceptance of this
license agreement. If you are not willing to be bound by all the terms,
please leave the Hades website and destroy all your copies of the Hades
aplet and website content (including copies in your web-browser cache).

Definitions

"Software" means the binary code of the Hades simulation framework
including other machine readable files (including, but not limited to,
Java class files, source files, header files, data files, images), any
updates or error corrections provided by Copyright Holders, and any
user manuals, programming guides, and other documentation provided to
you under this agreement. At the moment, the Hades applet software is
packaged as a set of JAR-format archive files (e.g. "hades-applet.jar",
"hades-models-rtlib.jar", etc.).

"Site content" means the static content and functionality of the Hades
wesite, including text, graphics, images, logos and icons, and the
selection and arrangement thereof. At the moment, the Hades website is
hosted at the following URL:
http://tams-www.informatik.uni-hamburg.de/applets/hades/webdemos/

"Copyright Holders" means Norman Hendrich, Dept. of Computer Science,
University of Hamburg, and the respective authors of Hades packages as
noted on the About Hades page.

License to use

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Copyright holders
hereby grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable limited license to
access, display, and print one copy of the content and functionality
displayed on the Site (the "Site Content") on any single computer solely
for personal educational use, provided that you do not modify the Site
Content in any way and that you retain all copyright and other
proprietary notices displayed on the Site Content.

You may not otherwise reproduce, modify, distribute, transmit, post, or
disclose Software and Site Content without the Copyright Holder's prior
written consent.

This license expressly prohibits the use of Software and Site Content in
connection with any commercial enterprise, including but not limited to
the publication and re-distribution on web-sites other than the Hades
homepage (for the current location, see above). To obtain a license for
educational and commercial use, please contact the Copyright Holders.

Restrictions

Software and Site Content is confidential and copyrighted. Title to
Software and Site Content and all associated intellectual property
rights is retained by Copyright holders. Unless enforcement is
prohibited by applicable law, you may not modify, decompile, or reverse
engineer Software. No right, title or interest in or to any trademark,
service mark, logo or trade name of the University of Hamburg or its
licensors is granted under this Agreement.

Disclaimers

SOFTWARE AND SITE CONTENT IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT HOLDERS
MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR SITE CONTENT WILL
NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER
RIGHTS.

COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR SITE
CONTENT.

In no event will Copyright Holders liability to you, whether in
contract, tort (including negligence), or otherwise, exceed the amount
paid by you for Site Content and Software under this Agreement.

Third-Party Web Sites

The Site Content may include hyperlinks to external third-party websites
to enrich the content and provide easy access to additional
documentation. The Copyright Holders and the University of Hamburg (as
the current Hades website hoster) have no responsibility for these
third-party Web sites, which are goverened by the Terms of Use and
privacy policies, if any, of the applicable third-party content
provides.

Termination

This Agreement is effective until terminated. You may terminate this
Agreement at any time by destroying all copies of Software and Site
Content. This Agreement will terminate immediately without notice from
Copyright Holders if you fail to comply with any provision of this
Agreement. Upon Termination, you must destroy all copies of Software
and Site Content.

Educational and Commercial Use

Please contact us for the licensing terms concerning commercial use or
(institutional and non-personal) academic use of the Hades framework and
Hades applets.

All Hades software and Hades website documentation
Â© 1997-2005 by Norman Hendrich, Dept. Computer Science, Univ. of Hamburg
(except where noted). All rights reserved.
